# ECE 445 Lab Notebook: Sydney Li

## Entries 
[08/24/2021](#08242021) 


## 08/24/2021
**Objectives:** Find a team and choose a good project idea to work on over the semester 

**Outcome:** Discovered a mutual friend in the course, Maram Safi and we had similar interests in the project that we wanted to work on. We had already met prior to the course and were taking similar classes this semester. Namely, ECE464 (Power Electronics) and ECE469 (Power Electronics Lab) taught by professor Arijit Banerjee. During the first class meeting, professor Banerjee proposed the idea of a group of students taking on the project working with the research panels on top of ECEB. The project is to implement a smart interface box with protection measures in place to prevent overcurrent, overvoltage, and to shut down the whole operation if temperatures exceed the expected threshold. Since professor Banerjee discussed that this semester, he planned on implementing new labs for ECE469 so that students could do power conversion while harvesting energy from the research panels at an undergraduate level, we thought it would be a great idea if the coursework for this class along with our Power Electronics Lab could go hand-in-hand. As Maram Safi and I are electrical engineers, we need to find a partner that is a computer engineer with advanced software capability and to design a website to fulfill the purposes of the web design and user interface that Professor Banerjee mentioned. There was another group of students who took on this project for their senior design in the Fall 2019 semester but there were certain problems with the design that needed to be solved. There were issues with scalability, to clarify, we hope to soon have a meeting with professor Banerjee and pitch our idea on the RFA board for approval to see if this project within the scope of the course. We hope to ask professor Banerjee for more information in the upcoming days. Another issue to be resolved is the ethernet dependence. The previous design for this project utilized Ethernet to provide communication capability between a portal and the microcontroller of the smart interface box. Professor Banerjee emphasized wireless capabilities and to design a user-friendly website that can be used to configure the solar panels. 
